README.md, before:

# simon

------------
Game screenshots
------------

![Main menu]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/main_menu.png)

![High scores hall of fame]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/high_scores.png)

![Settings page]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/settings.png)

------------
Required tools
------------
The project uses the ```make``` build system. It smartly manages the compilation process for the host applications and the cross-compiled applications for the drone.
To build the embedded app, you will need a valid ARM cross-compiler, with its executable in your ```$PATH```.
The host GUI application uses Qt5 and needs its SDK for building.

------------
Build process
------------
When in the root directory, you can run ```make debug``` or ```make release```, depending on your goal. The command will build the drone app, the GUI app and all of their dependencies.
The project contains 2 misc targets, called ```drone-sandbox``` and ```host-sandbox```, which are only present for test purposes. These targets are meant to build an executable, so as no source file are present in their ```src/``` subdirectory, the compilation will fail (stating that no ```main``` function was found). If you want the whole build process to be successful, you will need to add a minimal ```main``` function in the ```drone-sandbox/src``` and ```host-sandbox/src``` directories, for example like this one in a file called ```main.cpp```:

```
int main() {
    return 0;
}
```


If you prefer not to get involved into this, you can only build the individual targets, like ```drone``` or ```host```, just cd into the corresponding directory and run ```make debug``` or ```make release```.


------------
Embedded deployment
------------
If you want to put the application on the drone, run ```cd drone; make push```. This target manages on its own the FTP connection to the drone and the push of the executable.
This assumes that your are on the drone's WiFi network, that its DHCP server has given you an IP and that you can ```ping 192.168.1.1``` without issue.


The ```make push``` command usually takes a few seconds to copy the executable. If it returns immediately, it means that an error occurred (even if none is reported).
If this is happening, it can mean 2 things: either you did not meet the above preconditions, or the ```drone``` command is running (preventing you to overwrite the executable).

Just run the command ```killall -9 program.elf; killall -9 drone``` to terminate the ```drone``` application and turn back in a restartable state. Note that you may want to execute the previous command each time you want to relaunch the ```drone``` application.

The deployment puts the executable in the drone filesystem's ```/data/video/``` directory, and you can run the app by opening a shell on the drone: ```telnet 192.168.1.1```.

------------
Repository structure
------------

Here is a short roadmap of this repository's top-level structure :

* drone         -> The embedded program sources
* drone-sandbox -> An empty playground for embedded programs
* host          -> The host GUI client sources
* host-sandbox  -> An empty playground for host programs
* docs.d        -> Non-source folder for documentation stuff
* gdb.d         -> Script folder for debugging and executable pushing
* hard.d        -> Hardware sources folder
* libs.d        -> Shared libraries (across drone and host) source folder
* mk.d          -> Internal GNU Make scripts for building the project
* utils.d       -> Utilities scripts folder

Commit message:

Added setup script plus readymade drone binary

README.md, after:

# simon

------------
Setup
------------

### Step 1

Grab the project's sources using ```git clone https://github.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon.git```.

### Step 2

Build the GUI component, you will need the Qt5 framework properly insstalled alongside with QtMultimedia.
You will also need QtChooser.
Then, type ```cd host && make release```, all should go well and you should see no errors.

### Step 3

Get a drone (and the LED board). Power-on the drone (but don't plut the LEDs board yet).
Connect your computer to the drone's wifi network, then type in ```utils.d/setup.sh```.
Wait some seconds, then plug in the LEDs when requested, the game should start shortly !

------------
Game screenshots
------------

![Main menu]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/main_menu.png)

![High scores hall of fame]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/high_scores.png)

![Settings page]
(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Rajesh-Sec-Project/simon/master/docs.d/screenshots/settings.png)

------------
Required tools
------------
The project uses the ```make``` build system. It smartly manages the compilation process for the host applications and the cross-compiled applications for the drone.
To build the embedded app, you will need a valid ARM cross-compiler, with its executable in your ```$PATH```.
The host GUI application uses Qt5 and needs its SDK for building.

------------
Build process
------------
When in the root directory, you can run ```make debug``` or ```make release```, depending on your goal. The command will build the drone app, the GUI app and all of their dependencies.
The project contains 2 misc targets, called ```drone-sandbox``` and ```host-sandbox```, which are only present for test purposes. These targets are meant to build an executable, so as no source file are present in their ```src/``` subdirectory, the compilation will fail (stating that no ```main``` function was found). If you want the whole build process to be successful, you will need to add a minimal ```main``` function in the ```drone-sandbox/src``` and ```host-sandbox/src``` directories, for example like this one in a file called ```main.cpp```:

```
int main() {
    return 0;
}
```


If you prefer not to get involved into this, you can only build the individual targets, like ```drone``` or ```host```, just cd into the corresponding directory and run ```make debug``` or ```make release```.


------------
Embedded deployment
------------
If you want to put the application on the drone, run ```cd drone; make push```. This target manages on its own the FTP connection to the drone and the push of the executable.
This assumes that your are on the drone's WiFi network, that its DHCP server has given you an IP and that you can ```ping 192.168.1.1``` without issue.


The ```make push``` command usually takes a few seconds to copy the executable. If it returns immediately, it means that an error occurred (even if none is reported).
If this is happening, it can mean 2 things: either you did not meet the above preconditions, or the ```drone``` command is running (preventing you to overwrite the executable).

Just run the command ```killall -9 program.elf; killall -9 drone``` to terminate the ```drone``` application and turn back in a restartable state. Note that you may want to execute the previous command each time you want to relaunch the ```drone``` application.

The deployment puts the executable in the drone filesystem's ```/data/video/``` directory, and you can run the app by opening a shell on the drone: ```telnet 192.168.1.1```.

------------
Repository structure
------------

Here is a short roadmap of this repository's top-level structure :

* drone         -> The embedded program sources
* drone-sandbox -> An empty playground for embedded programs
* host          -> The host GUI client sources
* host-sandbox  -> An empty playground for host programs
* docs.d        -> Non-source folder for documentation stuff
* gdb.d         -> Script folder for debugging and executable pushing
* hard.d        -> Hardware sources folder
* libs.d        -> Shared libraries (across drone and host) source folder
* mk.d          -> Internal GNU Make scripts for building the project
* utils.d       -> Utilities scripts folder
